Document application emoji endpoints (#7010)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Emoji.md

> info
> This endpoint supports the `X-Audit-Log-Reason` header.

## List Application Emojis % GET /applications/{application.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_APPLICATION/application-object}/emojis

> Returns an object containing a list of [emoji](#DOCS_RESOURCES_EMOJI/emoji-object) objects for the given application under the `items` key. Includes `user` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an object containing a list of [emoji](#DOCS_RESOURCES_EMOJI/emoji-object) objects for the given application under the `items` key. Includes a `user` object for the team member that uploaded the emoji from the app's settings, or for the bot user if uploaded using the API.
```

Reviewer: optional edit, i think the question of "what does the user object represent" will be asked
